Specific layout information for product id and SKU (#7111)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/product-layouts.md

`catalog_product_view_type_grouped.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to `grouped` product only
`catalog_product_view_type_simple.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to `simple` product only
`catalog_product_view_type_virtual.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to `virtual` product only

> `catalog_product_view_id_123.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to specific `product ID` product only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`catalog_product_view_id_{id}.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to the specific product by `Entity ID` value. E.g. `catalog_product_view_id_45.xml`
```

> `catalog_product_view_sku_AB01.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to specific `SKU` product only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`catalog_product_view_sku_{sku}.xml` | Layout from this file is applied to the specific product by `SKU` value. E.g. `catalog_product_view_sku_24-WG080.xml`
```
